You're thinking,
"It's almost Christmas.
Even Spidey must have a tree to trim,
gifts to wrap."
- Go, go.
- I'm out of here.
But first,
I gotta wrap up a little investigation.
See, even though I busted Mysterio,
all that tech he stole is still missing.
And every lowlife I meet says
Blackie Gaxton's the man to talk to.
So talk, Blackie.
Who are you kidding?
What's the big hero gonna do
if I clam up?
Blackie, give me 2-to-1 on--
Spider-Man.
Bye.
I don't know.
Maybe just hang out a while.
Okay, okay.
Rumour is, Mysterio was fronting
for some big boss.
The guy's hiring cons, crooks,
even construction workers.
But everyone's sworn to secrecy
on pain of you-know-what.
That's the sum total
of my knowledge.
Thanks, Blackie.
I owe you an eggnog.
I'm Spidey-Claus.
And what would your name be,
young man?
It's Patch. Patch.
Wow, did your parents have foresight
or what?
Yeah, anyway, Patch,
you know what I want for Christmas?
- Name of Mysterio's boss?
- That's a start.
They call him the Master Planner.
But that's all I know.
Look, believe me.
Yes, Tinkerer?
Spider-Man's closing in.
Round up the usual suspects...
...and destroy him.
Toomes, Beck. Breakfast.
Move it or--
A hologram. Oh, man, not again.
The warden's gonna freak.
At least you're real.
Lockdown.
Sandman and Rhino escaped.
That's encouraging news, Cletus.
But it was Max's turn to speak.
Electro, doc. Electro.
I don't need a regular name
no more.
Right, Dr. Octopus?
I beg you not to call me that.
I despise everything
associated with that name.
The criminal activities,
the wanton violence.
Otto, your progress
is nothing short of amazing.
Dr. Octopus, I presume.
No, no, no. Leave me alone.
Keep your paws off him.
You misunderstand, doctor.
Kraven is sent
to liberate you and Electro.
Forget him.
I used to worship the doc.
But what's left of him
isn't worth the trouble.
That's better.
Let's blow this stand.
Please, Max, you don't have to--
I told you, it's Electro.
Gotcha.
Oh, so close.
Peter, that was amazing.
Better not look too good.
Yeah, great triple klutz.
Looks like my favourite tutor
needs a little lesson.
Only if you're offering.
I think I am.
Flash, are you okay?
Do I look okay?
Sorry. I didn't mean--
No. Forget it.
So you started physical therapy?
Yeah.
Well, great.
Soon you'll be good as new.
And those college scouts
will be busting down your door.
- That's not exactly what he--
- Liz?
I'm ready for my lesson.
Petey, can't you see
I'm in the middle of something?
Take yourself for a spin.
Most of you have met.
But Kraven and Electro...
...this is Rhino, Vulture,
Sandman and Mysterio.
Is there a problem?
I've had bad experiences with cats.
Gentlemen, allow me to introduce
our host and benefactor:
The Master Planner.
Tinkerer informs me
Dr. Octopus declined my invitation.
This is disappointing.
I had so hoped to inaugurate
the Sinister Seven.
Four, five.
Don't we got seven?
What about this guy?
Strictly technical support.
Trust me, he is useless in a fight.
No matter.
A new Sinister Six will suffice.
Suffice for what, exactly?
To help me inaugurate
the age of the super-criminal.
This is your time,
my colourful friends.
Once you dispose
of a certain red-and-blue-clad pest.
Excuse me?
How exactly is a new Six supposed
to fare any better than the old one?
Unsurprisingly, I have a plan.
Yeah.
Hey, QB. Want a slushy?
Oh, yeah. Delicious.
You are so going down.
- In your dreams.
- Get him, Flash.
Hey, Gwen. Stand a little company?
Whoa, look.
What did I do to deserve--?
You've barely said two words
to me since--
Since the you-know-what.
So I get it, okay?
I'm not your first choice.
But I won't be
your second choice either.
Skating on thin ice again, eh?
M.J. You saw that, huh?
Saw it, heard it.
It's so painful, I almost felt it.
Look, tiger,
you're one of my favourite guys.
Would you look at her?
She's gorg--
But you distract too easy.
Gwen's got a totally legit gripe.
Decide what you want, Pete.
Then focus on getting it done.
Don't suppose you'd help a poor
distractible boy sort through all this?
I sort better with cocoa.
Sorting cocoa coming right up.
He's not here.
He's here. I smell him.
Team one, deploy.
That will lure the do-gooder
into the open.
Way ahead of you.
Hot.
Spider-Man.
Come out to play.
And that's probably
the least painful part of my night.
Show yourself, you wall-crawling--
Now, now, watch the mouth.
There are children present.
What?
I burned my tongue, okay?
Beaky? ls there a revolving door
at that prison?
What?
I need to stop with the banter
till the tongue's had time to heal.
Vulture and Electro
are a pretty unlikely team of two.
Gotta figure
on the entire Simpleton Six.
Hey, Vultch, you notice?
Big hero
doesn't seem too focused on us.
Why, you're right.
It's almost as if he expects
more company.
Gotta get these goons off the ice.
Come on, guys.
Let's play Follow the Leader.
Let's not.
Okay, can't lure him away.
Gotta take him out
- So focus and make your play.
- No.
Beaky's awfully protective
of that glorified tiara.
Which means I can use his paranoia
to pin his wings.
I said, no.
You know, for an evil old nob,
you make a lovely ornament.
Don't worry, Vultch.
Electro's got your back.
No, you fool.
I'll be free in a moment.
You blew up a Christmas tree?
The Christmas tree? Harsh.
- Liz, move.
- Flash.
Whoa, Spidey, thanks.
Hey, sign my cast.
Maybe later.
Mary Jane, where's Peter?
At least I got him off the ice.
Now if I could just get him
off the planet.
Hello.
You won't escape me that easy.
That your best shot? Feeble.
If at first, yadda-yadda-yadda.
Eventually, you'll run out of tyres.
And then I'll--
Then you'll what?
Take me out for a spin?
That coat--
Or should I say coating.
--Looks amazing on you.
Non-conductive, you say?
Gorgeous.
Hey, Spidey, don't fade on us now.
Sparks and Flaps
were just the appetiser.
Time for the main course.
Anyone get the number
of that sleigh?
Ain't he a clever boy?
See it's Christmas Eve,
and he said, "sleigh."
You know, instead of truck.
Too bad I'm more like a tank.
- Hey.
- The thing about tanks?
They don't corner well.
Plus they're ugly.
Hey, O'Hirn, this is kind of fun,
me and you, right?
Just like old times.
Only now, we're kicking his tail.
Excuse me, pardon me.
Coming through.
Arms, check. Legs, check.
Head, check.
And my burnt tongue's better too.
Christmas miracle.
A bug for a bug.
Yeah, I got that.
- For you, that was clever.
- Thanks.
Guys, feliz Navidad.
Happy Hanukkah, Kwanzaa, solstice.
Can't we put our differences aside
for one night?
- Nope.
When we're done with you...
...there won't be enough left
to stuff my stocking.
Hey, Rhino, toss him over.
I wanna pull off that mask
and see who he is before we end it.
Sorry, I'm strictly a do-not-unwrap-
until-Christmas-morning superhero.
Okay, playing punching bag turns
out to be remarkably ineffective...
...so focus on Plan B.
- That all you got?
- Oh, I got more.
If you think you're beast enough
to come and get it.
I'll show you who's beast enough.
Here. You're gonna need this.
I hate you so much.
He's slower.
The night air's freezing that
hydrant water saturating his silicates.
He's not the only one.
Guess we'll do this the hard way.
Heads up, Frosty.
Four down, two to go.
All right.
Shocker, Octopus, show yourselves.
Arachnid.
Oh, me and my big mouth.
I've already been fried, slashed,
battered and frozen tonight.
I'm a web-head
in desperate need of downtime.
So not what I meant.
I'm totally wiped, and let's face it...
...I've never actually beaten
the Six myself.
Oh, man, I hope it's only six.
Think I lost them.
Lock your chimneys, folks.
Fool.
No prey escapes Kraven.
I track smell of your fear
to ends of earth.
Big talk for a substitute loser.
Guess the great hunter was afraid
to take me on alone this time.
Is way of jungle.
The pack wears prey down
for alpha male to crush.
It's called Poisson Gété. Nice, huh?
Spider-Man.
Wow, great perfume.
Can I try some?
Can you smell me now?
A bit too soon to gloat, Spider-Man.
Well, you are the expert
on premature gloatilation.
We shall see.
Rematch. Rematch.
That's it.
- Harassment.
- Call my lawyer.
No Christmas spirit.
Second floor.
Toys, housewares,
superhero defeats.
Kraven, no.
If the real Mysterio's down there,
then this one's a bot.
A bot about to--
Oh, fudge.
Please tell me these guys
are going on the naughty list.
Mysterio.
I'm using that stupid fishbowl of yours
as a snow globe.
Not if you can't find me.
Whoa, easy there, hero.
No need for vio--
- Just making sure you're not a bot.
- I'm not, I'm not.
I know the Master Planner
set this up.
Who is he? And what's he doing
with that tech you stole?
Gee, I don't know.
Think maybe the Master Planner
has a master plan?
Be ready.
The Vulture's still dangerous.
I'm sure Pete's fine.
Why wouldn't I be?
Pete.
- Hot.
- Sorry, sorry.
Wait, no, I'm not sorry.
Where have you been?
The snack bar ran out of cocoa,
so I went down the street.
- Why?
- So you missed all the action?
I thought--
I thought you were buried
under that tree.
Parker, you are a grade-A idiot.
Gwen.
I know that I've been
unfocused and--
He's gone.
Extractions complete?
Extractions complete.
Or nearly.
The rest of the Six are still at large
and considered extremely dangerous.
This is not right. Not right.
Otto, nobody's going to hurt you.
No. No.
No, no, no!
Only Mysterio
was taken into custody.
Man, he better not be another robot.
Peter, please. It's Christmas.
I'm sorry, Aunt May.
Here. Open yours.
Oh, Peter, it's lovely.
I figured it's our first Christmas
without him.
I wanted to find a way to--
He's here, Peter.
He's always here.